So let's talk about this concept of Cloud-Native.
We've been discussing many of the features that Cloud-Native provides.
But one of the things that you can do to really take advantage
of a Cloud-Native system is you can design things for the Cloud.
That's really one of the key differences.
A good example is the relational database.
The relational database was built in 1970, the first paper,
and if we look at where we're at now, this is decades later,
it's still in use in some companies that's not a Cloud-Native design.
The relational database was designed in an era
where the Internet was really not even a concept,
and many of the things that relational database does,
they're very powerful, but they're not really
thinking about the concept of infinite compute,
infinite scale, infinite disk I/O, events.
So the Cloud-Native way of thinking is really not necessarily always
taking advantage of something that was maybe a good idea
decades ago but taking advantage of the new things
that are available as a result of this infinite capacity.
So let's break this down and look at this infinite capacity in action.
So we have the concept of autoscaling.
So let's take the relational database.
By definition, it really has this idea of a transaction.
A transaction is essentially not going to be automatically
scalable because the transaction locks things
and it actually has to guarantee that a write occurs.
So this concept of autoscaling here is really a Cloud-Native type application.
The persistence of data may have to change a little bit
because maybe it don't want to have this lock situation
where everything has to stop because you want to do a write.
Maybe you want to do a distributed write or some other type of architecture.
Also, infinite compute is a really interesting component of Cloud-Native operations.
There was a long time where Moore's law was
a really important concept and constantly, especially in the early 2000s,
you'd think about buying a new computer,
and you thought your computer would always get faster,
but ultimately, it stopped, and Moore's law actually doesn't work anymore.
As a result, other things have had to take up the capacity of Moore's law.
One of the things that's taken over that capacity is this concept of infinite compute.
A Cloud is now the supercomputer that is constantly getting bigger and bigger and
it has the ability to run literally any workload that you wouldn't want to think about.
So really, you should be thinking about
Cloud-Native applications and not how fast your laptop or desktop is.
Another thing about Cloud-Native applications is it has this concept of infinite storage.
Machine learning and deep learning applications in particular
really take advantage of this concept of infinite storage to actually get
better training results and actually get more accurate predictions.
But if you don't have a concept of infinite storage,
it's really hard to use some of these deep learning algorithms
because they really need very large amounts of data.
Finally, a Cloud-Native application has the concept of advanced APIs.
These advanced APIs can do many things that you probably cannot do in your own company.
So an example would be translating things from Spanish to English,
or doing natural language processing, or doing automatic machine learning.
There's all these capabilities that these Cloud vendors are specialized in
that your company or you as an individual really may not need to focus on.
This is the concept of comparative advantage.
You should focus on the thing you do best
and let other people focus on the things they do best.